Add documentation to GC Sweep Tests (#11648)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/test/test-gc-sweep-tests/README.md

## Overview

The goal of these tests is to enable testing of the GC sweep infrastructure. Ideally, these tests should run for a few
minutes. This test is trying to imitate what might actually happen in the real world and provide enough randomness that

> it will likely catch any sort of regression or bug missed by more targeted end-to-end tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it will likely catch issues before they reach out to customers.
```
